C.147: Add missing example. (#1835)
isocpp/CppCoreGuidelines: CppCoreGuidelines.md

##### Example

>     struct A // some interface

Reviewer: This PR looks good to me.

Would a class be more typical than a struct?

    {
        virtual void f() = 0; // make A polymorphic
    };

    struct B : public A
    {
        void f() override {}
        void member_fn() {}
    };

    struct SimilarToB
    {
        void member_fn() {}
    };

    // if you can't avoid casting

>     A* ptr = new B;

Reviewer: Maybe get ```ptr``` from a function to avoid using ```new```?

    // bad, cast successful, but no check
    dynamic_cast<B*>(ptr)->member_fn();
    // bad, cast fails, call of member_fn is undefined behavior.
    dynamic_cast<SimilarToB*>(ptr)->member_fn();

    // better, runtime check
    dynamic_cast<B&>(*ptr).member_fn();

>     // better, instead of undefined behavior, throw std::bad_cast, so you can find the bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // better, instead of undefined behavior, std::bad_cast is thrown so you can find the bug.
```
just minor wording to make it clear bad_cast does't have to be thrown manually
